[THEME MUSIC]
>>SONJA GRACE: I literally
go in and do a triple bypass
on somebody's heart
and put a stent in.
I'm like a surgeon but I'm
doing everything energetically.
I see, hear, feel,
smell, and weirdly taste
everything in the unseen world.
Yes, we do create
illness in our body.
It is karmic, it is
related to past lives.
But it's also related
to this lifetime.
Our first and foremost
important relationship
that we have being infinite
souls having a human experience
is with the planet.
It's with her.
>>GEORGE NOORY: What
do I say to a rock?
>>GRACE: If we can connect that
strongly with a feeling, fear,
we can connect that
strongly with inner peace.
I believe there has
been alien intervention
on this planet
for centuries that
is trying to control humanity.
>>NOORY: In a good way?
>>GRACE: No.
>>NOORY: Well, welcome
to "Beyond Belief."
What a great guest
we have for you now.
Sonja Grace is an
author, mystic healer,
and a time traveler who works
long distance with clients
all over the planet.
Sonja, welcome back.
>>GRACE: Thanks for
having me, George.
It's great to be here.
>>NOORY: Has it
been technology that
allows you to communicate
long distance with people?
>>GRACE: You know, George,
when I work with people,
I'm on the phone, and
I work long distance,
but I'm able to
defy time and space
and basically put myself
in front of that person
and work on their heart, their
liver, their spleen, kidneys,
all kinds of
disease and illness.
So I'm not dependent
upon the phone.
Some people I just get a picture
of them and a list of ailments,
and I know where they are in the
world, and I just work on them.
>>NOORY: Now, when you
talk about mystic healing,
what exactly are you doing here?
>>GRACE: Well, being a time
traveler or a spirit traveler,
I'm basically like
a mystic in that I'm
able to see into things,
I'm able to perceive what's
going on, and as a healer,
I am defined time and space
and going in and working
on people as if they
were right in front of me.
So put that together
you have mystic healer.
>>NOORY: Now, when you say
going in and working on them,
you're not physically
operating on people,
you're not there to touch them.
So what do you do?
How do you bring this
energy to help them?
>>GRACE: It's like
being an energy
surgeon to coin your phrase
of me several years ago.
>>NOORY: Yep?
>>GRACE: Yeah.
It's like I literally go
in and do a triple bypass
on somebody's heart
and put a stent in,
and I sew up the hernia and
put a little mesh in there
to keep it in.
And I'm like a surgeon, but I'm
doing everything energetically.
And of course, it has to pass
through that person's ego
their physical, mental,
emotional, and spiritual body.
>>NOORY: Do they need
to believe in you?
>>GRACE: I think that people
have much easier opportunity
to receive the healing if they
are open to what's being done.
>>NOORY: And more
acceptable to it.
>>GRACE: Yeah, sure.
>>NOORY: How did you
get involved in this?
>>GRACE: I was born this way.
I've really been all systems on.
I see, hear, feel,
smell, and weirdly taste
everything in the unseen world.
So I am dialed in since
birth, and I slowly over time
learned how to corral
those gifts by working
with really good teachers.
>>NOORY: Is it genetic?
>>GRACE: Well, I think my
father was very, very tuned in.
And I think that he and my
grandmother and actually
on my mom's side
too had quite a bit.
>>NOORY: You've been doing
this for how many years now?
>>GRACE: Oh, George!
I'm only 24.
I've been working--
I've been working as a
healer for 40 years now.
>>NOORY: That's not bad.
>>GRACE: Yeah.
Give me an example of what
you've done for somebody.
>>GRACE: Well, let me say--
>>NOORY: When they come,
do they come to you first?
>>GRACE: They come
to me, they find me.
And most people
find me on Gaia TV,
and they are able to book an
appointment on my website,
they call me, they email me,
and then we go from there
and we set up the appointment.
And when I work with
someone, I am helping them
with the physical, mental,
emotional, and spiritual.
So if someone
calls me and says--
>>NOORY: All at the same time?
>>GRACE: Sure.
If someone calls me and
says, I'm dealing with cancer
and I really need
you to work on me.
of course, I'm going
to work on them.
I'm going to work on actually
energetically excavating
that cancer out of the body.
But more importantly, I'm
going to go in and help
them to discover what is
the emotional content that
has brought this illness
about, because our body is
like the warehouse of all
of our emotional stuff.
>>NOORY: In addition to
what you do with them,
do you still recommend that
they stay with their doctor
and take their medicine,
and all that stuff?
>>GRACE: Absolutely, absolutely.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>GRACE: I am a
huge fan of everyone
working in all modalities.
Go to your Western medicine
doctor, get the scans done,
find out what's going on.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>GRACE: Go to the
naturopath, get the herbs,
go to the herbalist, go to
the acupuncturist, come to me,
do the emotional work, get
some healing work, all of it.
>>NOORY: Do everything you can.
>>GRACE: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: That's the
important thing.
>>GRACE: Everything.
>>NOORY: Do you think people
understand this personally
for themselves?
>>GRACE: I do.
I think that people
oftentimes have--
they have a hunch.
They feel like I think
there's something that's
not quite right with my body
or something's going on,
and they call--
>>NOORY: Then you could tell.
>>GRACE: They call
me and they'll
say, "no, I haven't
really been to a doctor,
but I've got this pain and
I don't know what it is."
>>NOORY: How soon do people
get healed with what you do?
>>GRACE: Well, it depends.
I have had people have
healing right then and there.
They feel better.
I have people the next day,
I have clients who tell me,
"Sonja, it's always
two days later,
and I totally feel different."
And I've had other
people call me
and say two weeks, two months.
It just kicked in.
Everything just changed.
So it just depends
on the person.
>>NOORY: Does it
work all the time?
>>GRACE: You know,
George, I tell all--
>>NOORY: Tough question.
>>GRACE: I know.
I tell all my clients, it's
God's will, it's not mine.
I show up clear, I show
up as a very clear vessel
to channel and bring that
energy in and I do the work.
And it's God's
will, it's not mine.
>>NOORY: You have an
inner peace about you
when you're working on people.
How does that work for you?
>>GRACE: Well, I
teach people how
to access their inner peace.
And through 40
years of meditation,
I've really come to understand
that although I grew up
at a time when peace
was really important
and give peace a chance
and you and I can think
of all kinds of songs
about peace, Vietnam War,
all of the things that brought
about people wanting peace,
I believe peace really
exists within us.
It's inside our soul body.
>>NOORY: You have a series
called "The Earth Angel
Diaries."
Let's look.
>>GRACE: We don't
understand peace
if we have not necessarily
experienced disruption
and not being peaceful.
A lot of people
come from countries
that are war torn and
post-traumatic stress
and everything that
is opposite of peace.
And we have had for centuries
disruption and war, famine,
plague, you name
it, it has kept us
from this desire, this feeling
of wanting to have peace.
So here we are today,
plague, disruption,
all kinds of things
going on around the world
and we are looking for peace.
So how do we find that?
How do we get back to
our own inner peace?
This is inside your soul body.
Your soul body
inhabits your body.
At the very center of your
soul body is inner peace.
So instead of looking outside
of ourselves for peace,
we need to go within
and we need to connect
with this inner peace
through meditation.
What pulls us out of
that feeling of peace,
you know what it's like when
you walk through the garden
and you feel so peaceful.
The birds are singing, there's
hummingbirds coming by,
it's such a peaceful feeling.
What takes us out
of that dysfunction?
When we aren't focusing
ourselves in a way
that helps us to
stay in that peace,
but rather we get addicted
to the shock and the fear
and the betrayal and
all the things that
were, "oh, my God,
tell me that again.
Oh, it was way too scary,
but I want to hear it again."
We're addicted to a part of
the pattern and cycle that
is not about peace, but rather
disruption and shock and fear.
So in order to get out of those
feelings, we must ground them.
You've got to feel them.
You have them.
Feel them, let them go
deep into the Earth.
Just ground them into the Earth,
then get back to your peace,
get back to that
place inside of you
where you can actually
expand and flow
and let it fill up
your whole field.
>>NOORY: So it sounds
like, Sonja, tranquility
is very important.
>>GRACE: It's very important.
And if you think about
the soul body inhabiting
this physical body,
it is infinite.
We have always been,
we will always be.
Our souls simply inhabit
this physical form.
So the soul has at the very
center of it inner peace.
It is an infinite amount of
peace within each one of us.
And if we tap into that, if we
really spend time with that,
and when then we learn
how to expand that
and expand it so far that we
expanded around the world,
we can have peace.
But it takes everybody
getting to the point
of their willing to
do the inner work,
are willing to excavate
the fear, the anxiety,
the rejection, abandonment,
and all of the emotional wounds
that we carry.
>>NOORY: If it doesn't work for
someone, if it doesn't work,
what are they doing wrong?
>>GRACE: Well, if
it doesn't work,
I suggest they call
me for one and--
>>NOORY: Quickly.
>>GRACE: Yeah, and
for two, I think
that the whole reason
this has come up,
George, is the meditation
peace project, which
is what I started to help
people to get to this.
So it's not a matter
of not working,
it's a matter of getting
people together so that they
can learn how to find that
inner peace within themselves.
>>NOORY: I want to get
into the meditation peace
process in a moment
here, because it's
an incredible thing
that you've developed.
But with disease specifically,
do we bring it on ourselves?
Why are some people sick
and some people aren't?
What happened?
>>GRACE: Right.
So let's talk about
responsibility.
Are we taught in our society
to take responsibility
for our health.
No, not really.
We're told to go to the doctor.
The doctor doesn't
really tell you
what's going on unless you know
how to ask the right questions.
And then you're
prescribed a medicine
that the doctor says, "oh no,
this will take care of it."
>>NOORY: And it probably doesn't
>>GRACE: And so there is no--
yeah, and so there's
no responsibility
of that person
learning, "oh, this
is where my liver, this is
what my liver function is,
and if my liver
gets too gunked up,
my gallbladder is
going to crap out on me
and I'm going to end
up with acid reflux,
because that's really
where it comes from."
It's like we're not
taught these things.
So it's important to me that
people take responsibility,
because, yes, we do create
illness in our body.
It is karmic, it is
related to past lives,
but it's also related
to this lifetime.
>>NOORY: Do you deal with
what is called the soul body?
>>GRACE: Yes.
>>NOORY: What is that?
>>GRACE: The soul body is what
inhabits your physical body.
It is infinite, it has always
been, it will always be.
>>NOORY: Does it take precedent
over the physical body?
>>GRACE: Yes.
>>NOORY: Or does it
work in tandem with it?
What is it?
>>GRACE: It works
in tandem with it.
But George, if you've ever
been around anyone who has died
you know that body has a
completely different look.
It's lifeless.
There is something really
important that's missing,
and it's because the
soul has left the body.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: Yeah, it's gone.
I had a friend die a
couple of years ago,
and he died foolishly.
He overprescribed himself.
And then at the funeral, you
look at this body and you go,
"this is not him."
But you're right.
There's something missing,
and it's probably the soul.
>>GRACE: It is the soul.
It's the most powerful
thing about who we are.
>>NOORY: Now, we're not going
to physically live forever.
Nobody is.
How can we make
our life the best
we can while we're still here.
>>GRACE: I believe
it's important
that people learn
why we're here,
and that is to work
through our karma,
to work through all
of the lifetimes
that we've had here on Earth.
And the more that we
work on that, meaning we
address the emotional
wounds that we
hold in this lifetime
and past lives.
Then we start to become
clearer and able to address
things and not get triggered.
When we can address things
or experience something--
your mom walks in the room, and
she says something to you that
normally would trigger you.
Only this time now
it didn't trigger you
because you've learned
where that trigger is,
you've learned what
the emotional wound is,
and now you're sitting in a
third place, which is peace.
That's that inner peace, George.
It is a third
place from duality.
Everything that's good
and bad, right and wrong,
it's a third place to sit-in.
And that third place
inner peace allows
us to observe everything.
We no longer are
getting triggered.
We're simply observing the
duality that's going on.
>>NOORY: It just came
out with a study, Sonja,
that said that
loneliness can literally
take five years off your life.
By being lonely, specifically
older people when
they get to 50, 60, 70 years
old, the lonelier they are,
the quicker their
lifespan goes down.
Why is that?
>>GRACE: Well, because
people are not connecting.
Our first and foremost
important relationship
that we have being
infinite souls,
having a human experience
is with the planet.
It's with her.
We should be connecting our
energy to the planet every day.
That's number one.
>>NOORY: Grounding ourselves.
>>GRACE: Number one, absolutely.
Going outside, I mean, think
of all the conversations
people have on their phones.
They're talking,
talking, talking.
Go outside and
talk to the Earth,
sit-in front of a big rock,
sit-in front of a tree.
I don't care if you
think it's crazy.
Talk to the planet.
She is working with us.
>>NOORY: What do we say?
What do I say to a rock?
>>GRACE: Do you do
you realize, George,
in the old days before
phones and everything else,
that's what people did.
They took their
sorrow and their pain
and they went out to the
Earth and they prayed.
That is what they did.
>>NOORY: And what
does that do for us?
>>GRACE: Well, she hears us.
She is as much of a soul
in a body as we are.
She's a--
>>NOORY: Ironically,
she's called Gaia.
>>GRACE: Right.
And she's a benevolent being.
>>NOORY: That's amazing.
>>GRACE: Yes.
>>NOORY: What are chakras?
>>GRACE: Chakras are
energy centers that govern
different parts of the body.
I work with the seven chakras,
the seven main chakras.
>>NOORY: Where?
Can you point to yourself?
>>GRACE: Sure.
The first one inserts where you
sit, second one is your belly,
third is your solar plexus,
fourth is your heart,
fifth your throat, six
to third eye, seventh
the top of the head.
>>NOORY: These are like points?
>>GRACE: These are
big energy wheels that
spin really fast clockwise.
And like tubular
flowers they hook
in to the main
central line which
is the vertical power current.
And that's what governs
all of your body
and your health and everything
that makes you work.
>>NOORY: Another Gaia
program is called
"Microdose" discussed
some interesting aspects
about chakras and the soul.
>> In 1975, professor of
kinesiology at UCLA Dr.
Valerie Hunt recorded radiation
emanating from the body
in areas that are traditionally
associated with the chakra
points.
She also recorded sound
wave frequencies and colors
associated with the
chakras, which corresponded
to the colors that the
ancient Indian Hindu
tradition established.
>>CYNDI DALE: Dr.
Valerie Hunt was actually
able to record the chakras that
are, of course, in the body
and they also extend
beyond the body
and determine the colors of
them and the sounds of them.
We've proven that these
flow through the body.
>> Absolutely
>>DALE: We can't see
them with an X-ray,
but scientists have used
radioactive isotopes
to actually track the movement.
>> Yes.
>> There have also been studies
on the energy channels that
lead to the chakras called
nadis in the Indian tradition
or meridians in the
Chinese tradition.
In the 1980s, two
French researchers
injected radioactive techniques
into the accupoints of patients
and used nuclear
scanning equipment
to follow the flow
of technetium.
When the true accupoints
were injected,
the radioactive technetium
followed the exact pathways
as the acupuncture meridians
in the ancient charts
of Chinese acupuncture.
The word chakra comes from
the Indian Sanskrit word
for wheel, which describes
the owned vortex like energy
centers along the Sushumna
nadi, which runs along
the spine of the human body.
The chakras are essentially
storage places for vital energy
forces that connect the
physical body to the layers
of the auric field.
Each chakra operates at
a specific frequency,
which determines its
color and characteristics.
Most familiar is the
seven chakra system
starting with the root chakra
at the base of the spine
and moving up to the crown
chakra at the top of the head.
However, there are
many more chakras
that you can work with
in and around the body.
>>NOORY: How did our ancients
know about the chakra points?
>>GRACE: Well, I think the
ancients knew a lot of things
that we have become more
and more out of touch with.
>>NOORY: I think you're right.
>>GRACE: Let's talk about
the fact that the Great
Pyramids are aligned
with Orion's belt.
Let's talk about the
Hopi mesas being aligned
with Orion's belt. Let's
talk about all the things
on the planet that have an
alignment to these bigger
systems just like we
have these systems
in our body, the chakras,
the meridians, all of it.
I mean to me, it's
this incredible design
from the universe that
reflects the universe.
>>NOORY: Do you
touch the chakras?
>>GRACE: No.
I work in the chakras.
But when I work on people
being long distance,
you could be where
you live in your home
and I'm working on you, but
I'm right in front of you
working on you.
So I'm not touching it per
se, but I am working with it.
>>NOORY: Am I feeling
different when you do that?
>>GRACE: Yeah, a lot of
people feel different.
In fact, when I studied 40
years ago, my first teacher,
we would have a group of people
who did hands on healing on one
group and a group of
people who did chakra
healing on the other group.
And the people who got the
chakra healing always healed up
faster than the people
with the hands on.
>>NOORY: Do you think
Jesus practiced this?
>>GRACE: I think Jesus
knew a lot of things.
Absolutely.
>>NOORY: I mean he had the
God given power to be sure.
>>GRACE: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: But he knew about
healing and things like that.
>>GRACE: Sure.
>>NOORY: He did
that all the time.
>>GRACE: Sure.
And I think the ancient
people of that time and even
before that time, Sumerian time,
they knew about this stuff.
>>NOORY: Why don't we know this?
People like you do,
but most people.
If you go out and
survey somebody,
they don't know about this.
Ask somebody what a
chakra is, they're
going to think what
are you talking about.
>>GRACE: OK.
So let's go back to something
that's even more important
and what you just
asked me and that
is, I believe there has
been alien intervention
on this planet for centuries,
and that when Christianity
really took hold
1200 AD, and we kept
going further into the 1400s.
Now, we're burning
women at the stake.
We're tying women's big toes
and thumbs together in Scotland
and dumping them into the moat
around Edinburgh, the castle.
So you've got all
these things happening,
to me, that is an influence
to control and manipulate.
And it's just like
today that I feel
there's a tremendous
influx of alien technology
and alien intelligence that
is trying to control humanity.
>>NOORY: In a good way?
>>GRACE: No.
>>NOORY: No?
>>GRACE: Not in a good way.
Absolutely not.
No.
Remember what I said.
We are infinite souls
having a human experience.
So another group, call
us aliens, I don't care.
I think the human species
has only been here
since for 20 million years.
So you've got an alien
species that comes in.
They've got an agenda,
we have an agenda.
They want to somehow alter us
or change us or do some tissue
samples and manipulation.
We do that.
We do that to other species.
So we're kind of on
the same playing field,
but they have a lot
more technology,
and they've been here
for a long, long time.
So humans are like in
the state of amnesia.
Thank you, Graham Hancock, and
we are trying to deal with, oh,
let me remember, I've
had multiple past lives.
I'm actually an infinite soul
having a human experience.
And guess what,
I'm not a victim,
I'm not a victim to
my health, to my body,
to being here on Earth.
I simply need to
take responsibility.
>>NOORY: What is inner
peace mean to you?
>>GRACE: Inner peace is
the key to us understanding
that this illusion that we
live in, this illusion called
duality is that.
Inner peace helps us
to step out of duality
and stop measuring outside
of ourselves what's
good, bad, right, wrong,
hot, cold, all of it.
It allows us to go within
and sit as the observer.
>>NOORY: Why is energy
healing so important?
>>GRACE: Well, why is being
a brain surgeon so important?
There's so much about the
body that we still don't know,
which is just like
mind boggling to me.
There is so much about
the body that is--
how many doctors and nurses
do I work with who call me
and ask me can you work on this.
It's in the brain, it's a
lesion they can't get to it.
It's like we have this.
>>NOORY: And they
ask you for help.
>>GRACE: Yes.
And it's because sure
we can do an MRI,
but actually going in
physically and doing the surgery
they can't always
get at something.
>>NOORY: But you can?
>>GRACE: I have.
Yes.
I worked on a guy two
hours before he went in
for open heart surgery,
and I repaired the valve,
I put a stent in,
everything that I did--
>>NOORY: Now what do you
mean you put a stent in?
>>GRACE: Well, it's
an energetic stent.
>>NOORY: An energetic stent.
>>GRACE: It's an
energetic stent.
>>NOORY: Not a real stent.
>>GRACE: Not a real.
It's energy-- it's
an energy stent.
And he went in for surgery.
And they opened him up and
the doctor looked and said,
there's nothing wrong.
They closed him up.
>>NOORY: That's amazing.
>>GRACE: His wife called me
and said, "oh my God, there
was nothing wrong."
>>NOORY: Did you know that it
was working prior to the doctor
saying there's nothing wrong?
>>GRACE: Yeah, I got
a call from his wife,
and she said, "please
work on my husband.
He's going to go into
surgery in two hours."
>>NOORY: Your Earth Angel
diary series is wonderful.
Here's another example.
>>GRACE: When I walk in
an ancient stone circle,
I feel a tremendous
amount of peace.
I'm actually feeling
all this energy
coming in from the
cosmos and energy
from the Earth rising up
through the bottom of my feet.
It's a magical experience.
And when we find
our inner peace,
it opens up a whole new world.
Inner peace is like
the cycle of life.
Everything circular, Earth, the
moon, the sun, your coffee cup,
trees are circular, and the base
and in the trunk of the tree
there's incredible circles
that show the life of the tree.
We are created in the
womb, which is a circle.
Everything that we
experience in life
is this pattern, this cycle.
And in this circular
activity, we
have at the very center peace.
>>NOORY: Sonja, are you like
a human energy resource?
If I touched you,
would I feel something?
>>GRACE: Probably.
[LAUGHS]
>>NOORY: Do you radiate?
>>GRACE: I have people
tell me all the time
that they feel so much
better just hearing my voice.
>>NOORY: Oh yeah, you can
tell by your personality
alone that your
bubbly and energetic
and you give off a glow.
But if people bump into
you, do they go oh my God.
>>GRACE: Well, I
don't know, George.
I try if I bump into someone to
say excuse me and make my way.
I think that there's a
energy with what I do
and the practice that I have
that definitely comes across
to people.
Yes.
>>NOORY: You give off energy
as opposed to a psychic vampire
that sucks energy.
>>GRACE: Yeah, yeah.
Yeah because I--
>>NOORY: Does it
ever exhaust you?
>>GRACE: Because I'm all
about helping people.
I turned my life over
to being in service
and it's more important to me
to be in service to the planet
and to people than to take.
I'm not about taking.
>>NOORY: It wore
down Edgar Cayce.
>>GRACE: Yeah it did.
>>NOORY: Does it wear down you?
>>GRACE: Sure.
Sure.
I get worn down.
>>NOORY: You can feel it?
>>GRACE: I have to have
times where I take a break.
>>NOORY: How do you
charge yourself?
>>GRACE: I get outside,
I lay down on the planet.
I'm all about recharging.
>>NOORY: So that picture
we saw earlier of you
in front of that rock.
Were you like getting
something from that?
>>GRACE: Yeah, sure.
That's an amazing
place up in Norway.
It's nine stone circles
that in my opinion
represent the nine realms.
So it's a very magical place.
I don't always find
magical places.
But even in my
own backyard, I'll
go outside and
lay on the ground.
>>NOORY: I hear that
you're a time traveler.
What do you do?
>>GRACE: Well, when
I go into meditation,
my process is
different than most,
because my time traveling
is not astral projecting.
I literally go into meditation
and my body dissolves
like grains of sand.
It just floats away, and it's
not until that point that--
>>NOORY: But you're teleported.
>>GRACE: I just dissolve.
And the guides-- my guides
come and take me by the hand
and they take me where
they want to show me.
I don't say, "hey, I want
to go see Stonehenge today."
They take me where they think
I need to see something.
>>NOORY: When you are
on this kind of journey,
do you recollect it
when you come back?
>>GRACE: I do, and oftentimes
it's hours and hours later.
I feel the cold, I feel rain.
>>NOORY: The heat.
>>GRACE: I have all
the sensations, yes.
And I always think
I'm just going
to be gone for 20 minutes,
and it's like three four
or five hours
later and I'm back.
>>NOORY: Earth time, Earth time.
>>GRACE: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Have you ever
traveled to a place
that you didn't want to be in?
>>GRACE: Yes.
>>NOORY: Where.
>>GRACE: I did.
Well, there was one time when
I went to the Great Pyramid
and Anubis was there.
>>NOORY: What's Anubis?
>>GRACE: Anubis is
the Egyptian God
that looks like a Dog
with a pointy face.
He is the God who handled
death and beyond, one of them.
>>NOORY: They didn't scare you?
>>GRACE: It was scary, yes.
It was sort of an inquiry of who
were we and why were we there.
So we got out of there fast.
There was another time my
spirit traveled to a place
where it was after
the fall of Lemuria
and it was off
the coast of where
Lemuria used to be in Japan.
And there were these beings
that were alien in nature
that were there.
And it was very scary.
And I looked at my guides
and I said, "OK, we saw it.
Now we got to go."
[CHUCKLES] And we left.
>>NOORY: So what is your
meditation peace project.
>>GRACE: The meditation
peace project
is a free one hour meditation
that I do once a month on Zoom.
I have people from all over
the world who come together.
I talk them through my
grounding meditation.
We go into a deep
state of inner peace
and we literally
worked on ourselves
and we work on the planet.
We're not sending
energy anywhere,
we're not manipulating
anything anywhere.
We're simply holding
that vibration.
>>NOORY: One of the great
people for intention experiments
has been Lynne
McTaggart, and she
was interviewed by Regina
Meredith about meditation.
>>LYNNE MCTAGGART: We
have this big problem
on a giant collective level,
and we have this problem
on an individual level.
It wasn't supposed to be
like this and in fact,
when we start living according
to the definition of who
we really are and start
wiping that hard drive
clean, only then will we evolve
to another level, only then.
>> REGINA MEREDITH: And you say
it's about the last 250 years,
right?
Since this paradigm
has really taken
hold within our psyche,
maybe even less.
>> MCTAGGART: Yes I mean,
there's always been cases
of people wanting to be
aggressive or whatever
or societies where
people were in charge.
But prior to Newton,
we had much more
of a holistic view of ourselves
in relation to the cosmos.
Newton really essentially
ripped us out of that
and created a world
of individual things
and really defined nothingness.
And so it became a real
understanding of ours
that we end with the hair
on our skin at which point
the rest of the universe begins.
And that, it's
hard to understand
how much that
definition of ourselves
really informs how we operate,
because not all cultures.
Do many Indigenous cultures
think very differently.
They think of us themselves
as being all connected,
and from that, they create a
very different kind of society.
>>NOORY: Why does
intention works on you?
>>GRACE: Why does it work?
>>NOORY: Why does it work?
>>GRACE: Well, I think because
we're focusing our energy.
And I'll give you an example,
if you're watching the news
and there's something
quite frightening
that you're watching--
>>NOORY: --which is
most of the time.
>>GRACE: --most of the
time, for most people,
their fear comes out from
their body, from their centers
and connects with the fear
of what they're seeing.
And this is what's called
the collective karma.
So we've all just
connected on fear.
And as we have
seen this past two
years of the collective
karma and fear and the virus,
it's been rampant.
And everybody's connected
that fear fiercely
and been so affected by it.
I'm seeing clients now
with post-traumatic stress
and all kinds of
anxiety disorders,
because of what
they've gone through.
So my feeling about the
meditation peace project
is if we can connect that
strongly with a feeling, fear,
we can connect that
strongly with inner peace.
>>NOORY: Can people take
care of this themselves
or do they have to go to
someone like Sonja Grace?
>>GRACE: Well, I think that if
I were left to my own devices
to adjust my back and
not go to a chiropractor,
I might have a bad
back because I need
the chiropractor to adjust me.
I need my acupuncturist
to put the needles in me.
I'm not going to
put them in myself.
And I certainly need
my brain surgeon
to do the brain surgery, not me.
So yes, I think that
my role and what I
do for society is important,
because our energy body which
is around us called the
aura is so important George
to our physical
health, and being
able to help people understand
their energy, their chakras,
what's going on with their
inner body, their organs,
and how everything
functions is important.
It takes the responsibility
back to people.
>>NOORY: Sonja what
do you do to keep
yourself upbeat and positive?
>>GRACE: I sing
John Denver songs.
No.
[CHUCKLES]
>>NOORY: We sing
"rocky mountain high."
>>GRACE: I love it.
No, I'm really a
very happy person.
I spend time outside, I go
hiking, I walk miles a day.
>>NOORY: Do you ever
get down, depressed?
You're a human being.
>>GRACE: I do, George.
I do feel sadness and
sorrow and pain, of course.
>>NOORY: If you
do, are you still
able to do what you
do with a client?
>>GRACE: Yes.
>>NOORY: Even
though you're down?
>>GRACE: No, because I know
how to process those feelings,
I know how to release
them into the Earth,
and I know that it's
God's will, not mine.
So I am aligning myself with
creator, with the Earth,
and I am allowing things to be.
It's not about being in
control and changing things.
It's about accepting
who we are and being
in a place of accepting
what our karma is.
We all have past lives where
we have had horrific deaths.
We've died in war
together, we've
experienced famine and disease.
It's not it's not that
we've all come here
with some perfect past that
nothing will ever happen to us.
>>NOORY: What would you
like your epitaph to read?
[LAUGHS]
>>GRACE: She did a
lot and worked hard.
>>NOORY: That's pretty good.
>>GRACE: Yeah.
>>NOORY: That's not selfish
by any means either.
And it's probably very
accurate about you.
What's new for you?
What's next?
>>GRACE: Well, I'm working very
hard on this meditation peace
project, because I
would like to and I'm
in the process of getting some
property lined up for a retreat
site so that I can host and
have the meditation peace
project on a piece of land
where people can come.
>>NOORY: Well, you help
a lot of people, Sonja.
I know that
personally from people
who have come back to us.
>>GRACE: Oh thank you.
>>NOORY: --talking
about what you do.
So keep up doing
what you're doing.
>>GRACE: Thanks, George.
>>NOORY: Thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>GRACE: I really appreciate it.
Thank you.
>>NOORY: You do marvelous work.
And it's great to know
that we have people
like Sonja Grace who can create
intention and create reasons
for people to change their life.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]